Potato beef wrapped in fragrant tomato sauce, rich and full ~ this dish is absolutely secretive, studying abroad for many years and different friends to share and learn, is the table of the fastest to be eliminated, now share to friends
Materials 
Amount of beef (a bit fat)
Potato 1
Onion half
Tomato (big) 1
Carrot 1
Octagon Two small pieces
Dry chili peppers
Onions, ginger, garlic
Braised beef and potatoes (exclusive secret) practice
Wash beef and cut into chunks. Pour into cooking wine, soy sauce, soy sauce, marinated beef braised for about ten minutes (Exclusive secret) practice Step 1
Carrots, potatoes, peeled and cut, tomato cuts, and onions were cut into strips. Then chop onion, ginger and garlic. Braised beef potatoes (exclusive secret) practice Step 2
Hot pan pour oil. After the oil is hot, add the chopped onion ginger, garlic and saute and add the dried pepper segments. Pour in marinated beef, stir fry for a while, add octagonal, cooking wine, a little soy sauce. Braised beef potatoes (Exclusive secret) practice Step 3
After the beef is evenly colored, pour the onion and tomato pieces into the pan. Stir fry evenly, it is best to use a spatula to squeeze the tomatoes, so that tomatoes can soften easier. Braised Beef Potato (Exclusive Secret) Practice Step 4
After frying for a few minutes, add hot boiled water to submerge beef. Cover with lid, boil and turn for 15 minutes. Braised Beef Potato (Exclusive Secret) Practice Step 5
After 15 minutes, add potatoes and carrots. After the fire is over, turn it over and cover the pot for about 30 minutes. Braised Beef Potato (Exclusive Secret) Practice Step 6
After about 30 minutes have passed, uncover the lid, add the appropriate salt according to personal taste, and then add a few drops of Mizuno soy sauce to taste or a little chicken essence (if you don't need seasoning, it is already fresh enough. I didn't add MSG or chicken essence The taste is really fresh.) After seasoning, transfer the juice to a sauce and stir it with a spatula to avoid sticking. When the soup is almost closed, turn off the heat and add green onion to the table. Braised Beef Potato (Exclusive Secret) Practice Step 7
Tips
1. Adding onions and tomatoes to traditional potato beef is the icing on the cake. At the end of the dish, you will not see onions and tomatoes because the two materials are melted and turned into thick soup. The beef is full and juicy. It adds a layer of taste. The dried chili segment can also be kept ah, to see the degree of personal favorite spicy

2. This is a fat and thin piece of beef, not burdock. Stewed sirloin can also use this recipe, it is time to lengthen.

3. Many pro-feedbacks say that beef will be firewood, and beef is selected as fat and thin beef instead of lean beef. If it is burdock, the taste is very good, but hot water for step 5 must be added, because it takes more time to stew.